[Music]
Gemita's body language, let's see it or
what do we get into this Lore, man, we
get into that, there are several things, eh There are
several things, eh, that we have to talk
about Gemita today, there are several things, eh, I don't know
if I don't know if to see This about
body language, language, cas parne, well that's it. Yes,
yes. Nor was much
more needed, eh, I had seen the Well, I put it
on Twitter, I put it on Twitter, not the
Marifer Centeno thing that says, Uy, the
blocking function, look what, look what just
appeared on Twitter, the
blocking function will change soon if your posts are
public, the accounts that you have blocked will
be able to see them but they will not be able to interact
with them, to have more control over
who can see your post, can you protect
your account? Well, no, the truth is that they don't
see it. Yes, anyway,
why? So that they can do multiplayer so
that they can't be a pain in the ass a kiss,
Eric, how are you? How are you?
Beautiful?
Well, today Nafay gave some
content that I have to tell you that is
true, the truth is, it may weigh more or
less on me, but it is true. Folagor's flamethrower
is  impressive yes it was good
I put that on the news eh I put it
on the hion Look in the morning for now she
has put a face to the boy with whom
Gemita has been betraying Auron
okay Frank if you're watching this Happy
birthday from the cangrejera
ton of confetti cangrejo FR now
we're talking about Fran now we're talking about Fran
okay he's a player from the Fútbol Club
Andorra you knew it you didn't want to
expose him no no no no no I didn't
want to expose someone else but because in
reality they weren't cheating on Auron as
such they were more on the part of the
boy on his partner because the boy had a
partner than on Auron as such okay the
thing is
where are they here there are some images
of Gemita kid seeing that boy
and they're also writing to me right now
to tell me that it's real they're
telling me that this is real eh I can
confirm that this is real eh You can't see
anything Where is it wait it's here no of
course Look at it it's real eh it's real that's why
Gemita that's why Gemita eh When she was
doing those the other day  live shows that she
did and so on okay she was more worried
about her job future than her
relationship with auron okay do you know why
because I posted it the other day em I posted it in
a tweet there's a rule Oh I'm going to
ask about that there's a rule
apparently in the King leit several people have told me
many times okay there's
a rule in the King lit that I don't know
why okay I imagine that I
imagine it's because
El Chiringuito de jugones isn't formed there I don't know the
truth or mark a la what happened to
Pipi No Estrada precisely that we
were talking about him with the subject of
female and male soccer players and
so on Ah okay it wouldn't be like a
rule what they're telling me is that
most likely I really liked Javi your friend
and I already followed his
hot dog business Thanks beautiful Thank you very much
follow everything to segra Okay now
we're going to put it back here too
so that people can see it let's see it's not that it's
a rule it's something that they tell me of
course it's not a rule it's not a rule
like I put on Twitter it's very  it's
probably a clause in the
contracts [ __ ] and
another person two people just wrote to me right now
to tell me the same thing two people before
I say it before I
say it eh Two people just wrote to me
Sources for me reliable the
truth very reliable to confirm
to tell me the same thing as me okay, I mean it would be
a one it would be a clause that is
surely in the contracts, I mean
practically yes yes yes It is confirmed that it
is Gemita no longer involved with Auro or
anything like that okay yes It is confirmed
that Gemita has been sleeping with
soccer players from King the
players are out whatever and she is out of course that's why what
Marifer
Centeno said that's why she's so nervous and all that
stuff But not because of losing
Auron but because of losing her job what's going to
happen now she has lost almost 200,000
subscribers on Instagram I heard from
uncle sh of course they are not yours And they tell me that
this is real eh in fact they tell me that
this is from Sunday
October 6th Sunday October 6th dude
Sunday October 6th okay this is it okay
first thing  what I did was make the
first contacts the player follows
Gemita on her private account Gemita
also followed him when he publishes the
news Gemita deletes her
secondary account and her new partner deletes the
comments this is quite true Eh
This is quite true eh the one threatened
by Auron Oh how they have caught her eh
but I still lack a lot of
information eh I lack everything there was
a lot of information eh Because of course eh of
course there are more horns there are more horns there are
more horns Yes let's see family I
want to know one thing I don't know what you
can tell me but why does
Auron's entire family hate me if I am Auron it
turns out that they sent me this today of course the
news was that it says my places that the
news was this tremendous host from
Auron's mother and sister to Gemita for being
unfaithful okay I have never stepped on a
heart boom I have never stepped on a
heart
cona Silvia ages 59 continued the sentence
I have never been unfaithful I have never
stepped on a
heart I never of course he has not said
I have never been  president of porina
God otu public private private humor
old or current current current defined
in one funny word
Tomorrow comes a
huge bomb interf or rather teemos gives
veracity to your news but already spam for
two bucks it seems to me it seems a bit
abuse not happy you came to do a
lip augmentation I a
lip touch up because I don't have a complex but
I would like to have shorter lips
and me because I already have many
things to touch up Why
medical option clinic Well because it's the best
clinic basically they've spoken very
well of it to me and it's the best because
I've never tried it eye eh but of course
now there's another one they've done another one here okay
says look streamer that you better like
streamer that you know that you better like
my brother okay Okay streamer That he
likes auron better Play perfect what Who is
auron Play confessional with w Laura
current streamer that you don't like Javi
oliveira [ __ ] he hasn't even
thought about it eh but he hasn't even
thought about it eh or But why does
the whole family dislike me  from auron Play I miss
the father I miss the father but the
father wants to invite me to the beers
damn [ __ ] you know this dog puts Ricky
and doesn't say anything clown face based
based eh based based based the
comment eh streamer that you know that you
better like my brother europlay Do
you have a partner no why don't you
dedicate yourself to the world of streaming Well yes
I do What happens is that well it's been
a while since I've been in it but
I want to get back to it are you going to go back to
the clinic to do some future challenge what
aesthetic of course what are you going to
do
now a lip augmentation as approved I pass and I have caught I mean it hasn't caught more n Oh you know well Well I have caught but literally only me eh literally only me you catch and spams you but but but by the face eh but there will be a day when we are calm
chill and nobody throws me in a live of
[ __ ] life one day a kiss to and from
Real Tony you are the real Tony eh there will
be a day one day one day one day where there is
no  direct Some
tit channel where someone suddenly doesn't
hate me and isn't messing with me
complicated no but oh well But oh well but oh
well we are present no
family at least not on this channel It's a
circus already Francisco Javier
[Music]